---
title: MLSA Application
publishDate: 2024-22-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/MLSA.png
description: |
  Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador application for 2024 session
tags:
  - Microsoft
  - Community
  - Technology
---

<video width="568" height="320" controls>
  <source src="/assets/MLSA.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

<div class="justify-text">
Transcription : 

Hi Microsoft !

My name is Inès I’m nineteen years old and I am following a bachelor of science in computer science with a minor in mathematics at Sup Galilée, part of Sorbonne University in Paris. 

I have always been passionate about technology and from an early age I knew I wanted to go into computer science. It's not just the innovation aspect that fascinates me, but the ability of technology to connect people, share knowledge, and turn ideas into realities that improve our daily lives. 

The concept of "sharing" resonates with me on multiple levels. First, as a programmer and developer, we mainly document ourselves through the self-help forums where we share our mistakes or help others. Moreover I share all my code on Github so that it is potentially improved by other users. I also created my own Youtube channel on which I will soon prepare exclusive content on AI. Academically, in High-school, I've always been the one in my group of friends who explain complex concepts or exercises in mathematics or computer science.  These moments of sharing not only strengthened the bonds between classmates but also improved our collective understanding of the subjects at hand.

In France, there are now only fifteen students including two girls in the MLSA program and I find it a pity that there are no more people. 
Nowadays, if we are able to share ideas and things instantly it’s through technological advances. 

As a MLSA aspirant, I am enthusiastic about leveraging these technological strides to facilitate seamless communication, foster global collaboration, and inspire a new era of innovation and learning by promoting Microsoft tools and services.
</div>